added documentation for BTS-1249 (#1291)
arangodb/docs: 3.11/security-security-options.md

The following options are available for controlling the installation of Foxx applications
in an ArangoDB server:

- `--foxx.enable`:
  If set to `false`, this option disables access to any user-defined Foxx apps.

>   Accessing the URL of any (existing or potentially existing) Foxx app will produce an
>   HTTP 403 Forbidden error with this setting.
>   ArangoDB's built-in web interface and all built-in REST APIs will remain accessible,
>   except the Foxx service management API, which will make it impossible to install and 
>   uninstall Foxx applications. Setting the option to `false` will also deactivate the 
>   "Services" section in the web interface (introduced in: v3.10.5).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Accessing the URL of any (existing or potentially existing) Foxx app produces an
  HTTP `403 Forbidden` error with this setting.
  ArangoDB's built-in web interface and all built-in REST APIs remain accessible,
  except the Foxx service management API, which makes it impossible to install and 
  uninstall Foxx applications. Setting the option to `false` also deactivates the 
  **SERVICES** section in the web interface (introduced in: v3.10.5).
```
